In one year I see myself in college, studying computer science and working as a web developer for a company as a junior. Learning the professional side of web dev, gaining experience and working for long 7 day weeks.

In three years I see my self as a more experienced developer, already sure about what path to take as a programmer. I see myself finishing my degree and looking into the horizon to find opportunies with digital solutions.

The digital world is the world of today, and probably the world of tomorrow. Today's gold is microchips and silicon. As technology advances, society follows. My work as a developer is to bring digital solutions to today's society and, therefore, build tomorrow's.

Now that I took my first steps into the web development world, I look at web in a different way. Building web sites and solutions has a lot to say. These are one of the kind of projects I'm interested in. I'm interested in building the future so I'm also interested in AI, crypto and, as a whole, open source projects.

My dream clients are very similar to the people I want to work with: proactive, having initiative, curious, ambitious, confident and vision for the future.

My goal with people that visit my website is to:
    Number 1 - Getting Hired
        As I'm writting, I work in a  cloth store in a shopping mall. It's not bad, as everything it has good days and not so good days. Its just not my fit. I don't see myself working with fashion in the future... So I want carrer change. And I want to do it as a programmer or software engineering! That's the reason I builted this website, at least it is the main reason. So ANY feedback is very very very welcome. Just a Hi to be honnest would be good.
    Number 2 - Having a portfolio
        Organization is a huge matter on everybody's job. Having a illustrated website with the biggest projects you've had your hands on is a good start to have everything organized in your head. Are you improving? Where you're headed?
    Number 3 - Inspiration
        I get inspired by so many projects and works available online. This can't be a one way relationship, you also need to give. You can also get inspired by inspiring others. I don't know if I ever will inspire someone, but just to be sure, I'll just publish my portfolio.
    Number 4 - Digital world
        As I mentioned before, this is a digital world. Having a personal website presenting a portfolio is nothing fancy, it's actually a requirement these days. So how could I not have one as an aspiring web developer?
    Number 5 - These is something that will not be implemented from the beginning of the website. Maybe when you read this is already implemented and I'll just leave this text here to make you think that many things have happened (I hope it did). My last goal with my portfolio is to implement a donation interface for Free Code Camp (using crypto). Thanks to their work many developers can learn online and completelly free. Thank you Free Code Camp.

What I want them to be the first thing they think about me (and therefore the thing that they would tell a client about me) is availability. This is one of the best things in my personality and lifestyle: I'm available. So I would like them to say that I'll be available to them almost as long as I'm not asleep, and even then, if it would be urgent, I would.


CHAT GPT
An about me page is an opportunity to showcase your personality and skills, so it's important to make it engaging and interesting. In addition to text, you can include other elements to make your about me page more dynamic and engaging. Some ideas include:

Images: Use images to showcase your work and make the page visually appealing. You can include screenshots of your projects, photos of yourself, or illustrations that reflect your personality or interests.

Video: Create a short video introducing yourself and your work. This can be a great way to connect with visitors and make them feel like they know you.

Infographics: Create an infographic that tells the story of your journey as a developer, highlighting your skills and achievements.

Testimonials: Include testimonials from people who have worked with you or who can speak to your skills and experience.

Interactive Elements: Use interactive elements such as hover effects, animations, and forms to make your page more engaging.

Social Media links: Add links to your social media profiles, such as LinkedIn, Twitter, and GitHub. This will give visitors a way to see your work and connect with you.

Blog or portfolio : include a link to your blog or portfolio to give them a sense of your work and your interests.

Contact information : Include your contact information such as email and phone number.

All of these elements will help make your about me page more interesting and memorable, and it can help you stand out from other developers.


STRUCTURE
    1. Text with image, side by side, half for each.
    2. Scrolling animation and background calling for attention.
    3. Infographics animated (or not).
    4. Call to action.
